Okay, go to game as third person. Rename
the project driver.
First thing first, go here to file.
Select new level. Choose a basic level
and delete this landscape. Press delete.
After that, go to landscape mode. Create
new landscape mode.
Okay. Okay. To create this rifle, first
you need to go here to the edit plugin
and search for water.
Select the first one. First plugin
save current level
one.
Restart the engine.
Find the engine is restarted. Close
this. Go to the content drawer.
Go to content.
Go to left number one. And the list
landscape mode. Go here.
There's for water.
Okay. Water bar
complete.
After that we have to go here.
This is my
okay to make it good.
Let's add starter content right here.
Add future content. Select self content.
Add to my project.
Okay, it's done.
Select the landscape
here.
Go down landscape material. We have to
add this material. Starter content
material.
Select this metal arrest.
Select this button.
Now select this right.
Make it here.
Now you can adjust this rival. Can make
it bigger by like this. Pressing alt to
add another opponent.
We can rotate it
and make it. Yeah.
can make to life on this.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later on
the next